---
layout: default
---

[back](./)

### 1. GENERAL DETAILS OF THE REQUEST
<table>
  <tr>
    <td> Need Id </td>
    <td> REQ-2024Q2-04 </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> Classification </td>
    <td> Research </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> Requester </td>
    <td> Fidel Selva </td>
  </tr>
    <tr>
    <td> Requester area </td>
    <td> Research </td>
  </tr>
    <tr>
    <td> Name of the requirement </td>
    <td> Smart Markowitz </td>
  </tr>
    <tr>
    <td> Date of request </td>
    <td> June 07, 2024 </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> Receptor </td>
    <td> Eddy Zavaleta </td>
  </tr>
  </table>
  
### 2. LIST OF FUNCTIONAL REQUIREMENTS
<table>
  <tr>
    <td> Request ID </td>
    <td> Request </td>
    <td> Acceptance criteria </td>
    <td> Associated BR </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> FR1 </td>
    <td> A method needs to be implemented to estimate expected values for future asset or strategy returns based on current Momentum and Volatility scenarios. </td>
    <td> Since it is required to implement a method for estimating expected values for future returns, when the user enters the parameters to be used, then the system should display the daily predictions per strategy and the realized performance of the strategy that shows statistically significant predictive power for monthly returns. </td>
    <td> BR1, BR2, BR3, BR4, BR5, BR6, BR7, BR8, BR9,BR10, BR11, BR12, BR13 </td>
  </tr>
</table>

### 3. PRECONDITIONS
<table>
  <tr>
    <td> ID PC </td>
    <td> Preconditions </td>
  </tr>
  <tr> 
    <td> PC1 </td>
    <td> The universe to be used will be a variable input. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr> 
    <td> PC2 </td>
    <td> The vector of weights may not contain negative values to avoid short sales </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> PC3 </td>
    <td> <p> The variables analyzed will be: </p> <p> &#160; &#160; &#160; *Daily returns time series. </p> <p> &#160; &#160; &#160; *Closing price of each stock </p> <p> &#160; &#160; &#160; *MA (21) </p> <p> &#160; &#160; &#160; *MA (63) </p> <p> &#160; &#160; &#160; *MA (252) </p> <p> &#160; &#160; &#160; *Std (21) </p> <p> &#160; &#160; &#160; *Std (63) </p> <p> &#160; &#160; &#160; *Std (252) </p> <p> &#160; &#160; &#160; *Expected holding period. </p> </td>
  </tr>
</table>

### 4. BUSINESS RULES
<table>
  <tr>
    <td> BR ID </td>
    <td> Business rule </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> BR1 </td>
    <td> <p> For auditing purposes, the following data must be stored for each action performed within the applications used in Tequila Capital: </p> <p> &#160; &#160; &#160; * ID event: Event number indicator. </p> <p> &#160; &#160; &#160; * Date time: Date - time at which the event 
     occurs. </p> <p> &#160; &#160; &#160; * IP: IP of the device from which the action is performed. </p> <p> &#160; &#160; &#160; * User: User performing the action. </p> 
     <p> &#160; &#160; &#160; * Action: State the activity carried out. </p> <p> &#160; &#160; &#160; * Data/ info: Describes the changes 
     that are made within the application, showing the old value and the new value. </p> <p> &#160; &#160; &#160; * Applicative: Displays the name of the application where the action is being executed (RN2). </p> </td>
  </tr>
    <tr>
     <td> BR2 </td>
     <td> Within Tequila Capital, we have the following applicatives: Titania, Data, Builder, Account Manager, Excel AddIn and APIs. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
     <td> BR3 </td>
     <td> The values resulting from the log must be persisted in a file or table exclusively accessible by the service administrator user. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
     <td> BR4 </td> 
     <td> <p> A log level shall be considered for the actions that are recorded, i.e. it shall be shown to which of the following classifications each action belongs: </p> <p>  &#160; &#160; &#160; *Informative </p> <p>  &#160; &#160; &#160; *Critical</p></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> BR5 </td>
    <td> The records shall be unalterable.  </td>
  </tr>
</table>

### 5. LIST OF NON - FUNCTIONAL REQUIREMENTS
<table>
  <tr>
    <td> NFR ID </td>
    <td> Non - Functional requirements </td>
    <td> Module / System </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> NFR1 </td>
    <td> The system shall be protected against unauthorised access. </td>
    <td> Titania, Data, Builder, Account manager, Excel AddIn, APIs. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> NFR2 </td>
    <td> The system shall support n number of record without compromising performance. </td>
    <td> Titania, Data, Builder, Account manager, Excel AddIn, APIs. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> NFR3 </td>
    <td> The records generated should be durable and should be archived after 3 years. </td>
    <td> Titania, Data, Builder, Account manager, Excel AddIn, APIs. </td>
  </tr>
   <tr>
    <td> NFR4 </td>
    <td> Records generated by the system may not be deleted. </td>
    <td> Titania, Data, Builder, Account manager, Excel AddIn, APIs. </td>
  </tr>
</table>

### 6. DEVELOPMENT OFFICERS
<table>
  <tr>
    <td> Name </td>
    <td> Role </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> Eddy Zavaleta </td>
    <td> Manager </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> Julio Pérez </td>
    <td> Backend Team leader </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> Luis Fábregas </td>
    <td> QA team leader </td>
  </tr>
</table>

### 7. PRODUCT ASSUMPTIONS
<p align="justify"> 1. The documents must be reviewed and approved by the user area.</p>
<p align="justify"> 2. To have the availability of the people involved in the user area for doubts, clarifications, revisions and acceptance of the deliverables of the product. </p>
<p align="justify"> 3. The delivery, review and validation times for the deliverables committed in the product will be defined in the work schedule, however, the times for the fulfilment of each activity may be affected considering the following: </p>

   * <p align="justify"> Availability of stakeholders in the user area for the definition, review, clarification and validation of product requirements. </p> 
   * <p align="justify"> Validation and sign-off of deliverables according to the stages of the product. </p>

### 8. RESTRICTIONS TO BE CONSIDERED
<p align="justify"> The needs and requirement requests for the development area are defined in the ‘Software Requirements Specification (SRS)’ document that corresponds to the scope requested by the business areas, in case of an adjustment, a change control and redefinition of the work schedule will be carried out. </p>

### 9. EXCLUSIONS
<p align="justify"> The exclusions considered in the requirement are presented below, in order not to generate false expectations in the product that will be delivered to the business area. </p>

   * <p align="justify"> No improvements or changes are envisaged after acceptance of the requirements document at the beginning, during and at the end of the product development; where appropriate, the feasibility of a change control shall be stated. </p> 

### 10. GLOSSARY OF TERMS
<table>
  <tr>
    <td> Term </td>
    <td> Definition </td>
  </tr>
  <tr> 
    <td> FR </td>
    <td> Functional Requirement. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> BR </td>
    <td> Regla de negocio. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> PC </td>
    <td> Precondiciones. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> NFR </td>
    <td> Non - Functional Requirement. </td>
  </tr>
</table>

### 11. APPENDICES
<table>
  <tr>
    <td> Name of document </td>
    <td> Document path </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> NA </td>
    <td> NA </td>
  </tr>
</table>

### 12. AUTHORISATIONS 
<table>
  <tr>
    <td> Elaborated </td>
    <td> Authorised </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> <p> Melissa González </p> <p> Area: Development </p> <p> Role: Analyst </p></td>
    <td> <p> José Ángel Reyes </p> <p> Area: Management </p> <p> Role: Director </p></td>
  </tr>
</table>
